# Finnish-27-921docs
This repository contains a set of files saved by the BIGS921 software application. The set of files consists of a subset of text files and a subset of html files.

The main draw back of the set of combination-dependent-playing-strategy tables is the vast number of combinations of card ranks that are possible for the cards removed from the stack and dealt face up to form the set of hands consisting of the player's initial hand and the dealer's initial hand. The vast number of possible combinations of card ranks makes it difficult for skilled players to memorize and/or make use of the set of combination-dependent-playing-strategy tables.

A total-dependent-basic strategy is the best option for the play of the player's hand given the user-defined set of game rules, and given a set of hand totals consisting of the player's hand total and the dealer's hand total.  A total-dependent-basic-strategy table provides a total-dependent-basic strategy for each set of hand totals that is possible for the set of hands consisting of the player's hand and the dealer's hand. In a single-exposure game, the set of hand totals that are possible for the dealer's hand consists of all hand totals that are possible for the dealer's up card. In a double-exposure game, the set of hand totals that are possible for the dealer's hand consists of all hard totals that are possible for the dealer's initial hand and all soft totals that are possible for the dealer's initial hand. The set of hand totals that are possible for the player's hand consists of all non-pair-hard totals that are possible for the player's hand, all non-pair-soft totals that are possible for the player's hand, and all pair-hand totals that are possible for the player's hand wherein: A pair is an initial hand consisting of two cards assigned identical ranks. 

The player refers to the total-dependent-basic-strategy table each time the player makes a decision on how to play the player's hand. 

The main advantage of the total-dependent-basic-strategy table is the number of sets of hand totals that are possible for the set of hands consisting of the player's hand and the dealer's hand is far smaller than the number of combinations of card ranks that are possible for the cards removed from the stack and dealt face up to form the set of hands consisting of the player's initial hand and the dealer's initial hand. The far smaller number of sets of hand totals makes it easier for skilled players to memorize and/or make use of the total-dependent-basic-strategy table than it is for skilled players to memorize and/or make use of the set of combination-dependent-playing-strategy tables.

For each of the combination of card ranks that could be the combination of card ranks assigned to the cards removed from the stack and dealt face up to form the set of hands consisting of the player's initial hand and the dealer's initial hand, the BIGS907 software application does all of the following. The BIGS907 software application performs an abbreviated-combinatorial analysis to calculate the expected value of the game wager for each of the strategies for the play of the player's hand that has at least a chance of being optimal, and saves the results of these calculations to a data file with a 't' character as the file name suffix. The BIGS907 software application calculates the probability of the occurrence of the combination of card ranks and saves the results of these calculations to a data file with a 'p' character as the file name suffix.

The BIGS921 software application uses the data contained in these files to convert the set of combination-dependent-playing-strategy tables into a total-dependent-basic-strategy table. Accordingly, the BIGS921 software application is capable of producing a set of files containing data about the total-dependent-basic-strategy table for a double exposure game.

